feat: added documentation for employee invitation_code field (#13)
gigapay/Documentation: source/includes/_employees.md

    "created_at": "2019-05-22T10:32:36.118753Z",
    "notified_at": null,
    "claimed_at": null,
    "verified_at": null,
    "invitation_code": "A1B2C3D4"
}
```

> This endpoint registers an Employee. The employee will be notified with a invitation code which can be used to create a 

Reviewer: Is it important to go into details on what happens? Should we not just say that they will get an email to start their onboarding journey? Or is it better to be more explicit? I am thinking if the mechanic changes then we would have to go back and change the docs

Author: updated

> This endpoint registers an Employee. The employee will be notified with a invitation code which can be used to create a 
> magic link to claim the employee.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint registers an Employee. The Employee will be notified with the `invitation_code` that can be used to sign up in Gigapay and accept your invitation.
```

Author: updated

> The above command returns an empty response.

> This endpoint resends notification with a invitation code. After resending, you need to wait at least 24 hours before resending again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint resends notification with an invitation code. After resending, you need to wait at least 24 hours before resending again.
```

Reviewer 2: Didn't you change this to a more reasonable rate limit?

Author: No, I fixed it.

Author: updated
